# Welcome to Owlin

## Sjoerd Leemhuis
As co-founder of Owlin I have witnessed it grow from the very start to what it is now. At Owlin I feel like I have something useful to contribute. I take it as my personal responsibility to make sure that others feel the same way. I do my best every day to ensure that everyone reaches their full potential. At Owlin, every single team member plays a vital role in our journey towards the top. And that is the first thing I would like you, our new team member, to know: you are part of the team. Your ideas matter to us, and we want to learn from you, that is how our company grows. And growing is what Owlin does continuously. We achieve increasingly more and set the bar even higher. Individuals grow in responsibilities and competencies. When I am not at the office, I enjoy rowing, cycling, sailing, and trying to be a nice father and husband. Seeing both the company and our employees grow day in day out is a really good reason to get out of bed every day if you ask me.

## Bob Koster
Hi there, I’m Bob, nice to meet you. I’m Owlin’s Sales Director. Sales are my professional area of expertise, and my main role at Owlin involves sales. In my free time I like doing more sales. My main motivation to come to Owlin every day is sales. If you need any help with sales I am definitely your guy. Sales, sales, more sales! Did I tell you I am into sales yet?

## Alina Di
Welcome to Owlin! I am Alina, I joined Owlin in December of 2015 as Project Manager. In all projects here at Owlin, big or small, you can count on me to be busy planning, coordinating, and organising our people and resources. When I am not doing that, I love to travel and experience the world. Owlin hosts an international mix of people, though. So even when I’m not on the road or in the air, I get to interact with people from different backgrounds every day. Another awesome feature of our office, and definitely a reason to get out of bed in the morning, is the tasty lunch prepared by Francesco. You should definitely come to me when you want to practice your Russian or Czech, or want to know what to do in case of fire.

## Márcia Tavares
Hello new colleague! I am Márcia, UI/UX designer at Owlin. My role at Owlin consists of projecting the client requirements in a structured and appealing way that aligns with our data scientists and developers. That way, I create a very concrete representation of our final product. Personally I am always looking forward to what we will be working on next. A few things I like to do in my spare time are experimenting with new ingredients and recipes in the kitchen, reading, and jogging. I can provide valuable information on how to avoid tourists in Amsterdam, and besides that I am available to help with anything you may need. Lastly, I really want to add that Owlin is a place where strong opinions are valued, so be prepared to show us yours!

## Bas Goedhart
At Owlin I have the role of VP engineer. This means that my main focus is on optimising all processes surrounding development and general people management. Everything from having a devops toolchain to agile coaching to a casual talk about work or home is in scope for me. Speaking of home, I enjoy spending my free time with my daughter, playing the guitar, (retro) gaming, drinking specialty and craft beers, and being out in the sun. I was a developer for about 10 years, but since then , my skill set has expanded into agile coaching. It really excites me that at Owlin I get the opportunity to give people more job satisfaction and autonomy by optimising processes. One of the things I can do to assist you is helping you get set up! I can show you how all processes surrounding software development and administration work and why they exist. I can also tell you a bit about short term strategy that can help Owlin more forward and improve. And please remember, if you need anything then absolutely don’t ever hesitate to ask.

## Willem Westra
Hey there, my name is Willem. My passion lies with everything that requires mathematical and computer modelling. From theoretical particle physics to geophysics to big-data analysis. I joined Owlin when it was still a small start-up back in November 2012. At Owlin I am a Data Scientist, and concern myself with Quality Assurance. Another thing I’m pretty good at, is explaining complicated concepts to clients. In my free time I enjoy coming up with a new theory for Quantum Mechanics, lifting weights, and going to techno parties and festivals. When you, our new team member, get here, there are a number of things I can help you with. For example working with python, and explaining what our clients do. It is awesome to apply my skills and passion here at Owlin, working together with our enthusiastic team. At Owlin I get to build cool stuff, and to learn more every day.

## Ken Fontijn
I’m a data analyst at Owlin, and that means I do different kinds of things. My main activity is to make filters for new dashboards and to think of new features and how to implement them. I am always eager to learn new things and gain new skills. That is actually one of the reasons I like working at Owlin. Looking at my (upcoming) MSc. degrees, I definitely have some knowledge about quantitative finance. However, I do not have a lot of specific knowledge yet when it comes to working with non-numerical data, and that is what I get to gain experience in here at Owlin. Everyday I learn a lot, while working on real projects, and that is what I really like! Other things I really like that are not work-related include sailing, kite surfing, and snowboarding. If you would like to know more about the filter creating process and Owlin filters in general, I am here to help!

## Merel Steenbrink
Nice to meet you! I’m Merel. Officially I am a data scientist at Owlin, but on top of building really cool computer stuff every day, some of my favourite activities here on the 7th floor include encouraging people to take the stairs, enjoying the nice view, and reducing office food-waste. A real reason to come to work every day is that I get to challenge my brain daily, and create dashboards, widgets, and applications that will impress my friends and mum (“I do something with computers…”). I studied Mathematics, and did a coding bootcamp afterwards. In my free time I like to jump around, stand on my hands, dance, play soccer, cycle, run, jump in the sea, sail, make music, hug the sun! Come to me if you need more info on math-related stuff, or some general explanation on how things work without making it overly complicated.

## Ralf Nieuwenhuisjen
In very basic terms, you could say that I smack at keyboard keys until the small lights on the screen (aka pixels) are in the correct configuration. Sometimes I have meetings about what the configuration should be, and other times I answer a question or two on which keys to smack and in which order to get the correct configuration. In other words, I’m a software engineer at Owlin. Outside of engine ering said software, I collect opinions, because I think they are the most useful contribution any single person could ever make to any problem. Now I would tell you what I do in my spare time, but who doesn’t like a bit of mystery? Lastly, what is my advice to you? Don’t panic and always bring a towel.

## Bart van Halder
My official title is Devops Engineer, but I prefer BOFH. I do anything that needs to be done to keep our services running, from running cables to writing code and using rude language to make the machines do my bidding. My professional areas of expertise are electrocution and explosions. Unfortunately, I don’t get to use those skills often enough. I may also know some things about Linux, networking and less painful applications of electricity. In short: Anything technical or tech related just ask. If I don’t have the answer I might redirect you to someone I think has an answer, or just quickly ask google. However… you may want to wait until I’ve had my coffee if you want to ask me something.

## Els Beernink
Hello, I’m Els! At Owlin my role is in Account management, Human Resources, and the occasional Project management. One of the things I like doing most at the office is to spread sociality, taking care of Human Resources, and keeping up to date with clients, prospects, and products. In my free time I enjoy hanging out with my family and friends, jogging, and being outside in general. At Owlin I can help you with practical stuff like administration, hardware, getting on hipchat/email, contracts, etc. I can also help you g et to know Owlin with regards to the products and the company culture. If you have a question but don’t know who to ask, I can let you know who to contact with which questions.

## Wessel Stoker
At Owlin I’m working as a Full Stack Developer. I have knowledge about the whole software stack of Owlin. My personal motto is: Get shit done! My professional area of expertise is turning data into usable products based on client requirements. I really like coming up with a user experience that we can reuse for as many clients as we want. I have a lot of knowledge about the whole Owlin architecture, so if you have any questions, I’m happy to help you. Please note that I’m a little bit straight forward, I will tell it as it is. In my free time I really like to sail in the north of Netherlands because it gives me feeling of freedom and you don’t think about Owlin.

## Harold Salaila
Hey there! I’m Harold, and I’m currently an Intern at Owlin. My area of expertise lies within programming, but in my free time I love doing karaoke! Here at Owlin, you are able to discuss challenging problems with a smart team, and that is what motivates me to come back every day. There is one piece of advice I want to give you: Don’t be afraid to ask around and look for help! Here at Owlin every one is willing to help you reach your full potential, and you are also welcomed to give your own input.
